SIGN IN :
Space between text and entry fields are uneven.
Fonts in login page are not same as Figma
Sign up text is slightly right aligned.

FORGOT PASSWORD :
Font of forgot password is different.
Text under forgot password is missing.
Back to login button is missing.
Generate otp can be better instead of Proceed in the button text.
Verify and resend button sizes are not same
Space between text and entry fields are uneven
Create password instead of Proceed
Heading of Forgot password reset password fonts are different
Reset password can be set instead of create new password?

SIGN UP :
"Email address required" error is shown in password field
Generate otp button can be kept instead of sign in button
Verification code page is not as in the design
Sign up works even after OTP Expired
Sign up works even when password is wrong





Edit email instead of back button
Sign in and Sign up font size at the last can be made a little bigger
Sign up works even after OTP Expired
Sign up works even when password is wrong

border


SIGN IN :
Sign up text is slighty right aligned
"Start your journey with us!" font is not same as the design
Welcome champ area height can be increased because it looks somewhat wider
"Enter verification code" font is not same / "Forgot password"
 
FORGOT PASSWORD :
Verify code and resend code button is of different sizes
"Create new password?" is kept instead of "Reset password" and also font is not same
While creating a new password "Email Address is required" is shown as an error--[]
"LET'S set new password to your account" is kept instead of "Nothing to worry, You can set it here!" (grammatical error)--
Hover button for hiding and unhiding password doesn't work properly
"Proceed" is set in the button instead of "create password" text

SIGN UP :
When providing a full name in the field, "is required" appears as an error
Password field shows "Email Address is required as an error"
Sign in text at the bottom is right aligned
"Sign up" is kept instead of "Generate otp"
Verify code and resend code button is of different sizes
"Enter verification code" - Spelling and font is wrong/ Let's get started

































