
--Yet to report

Jan 28
1. The report is not Generated after completion of the interview.

Jan 29
CREYA ADMIN
1.When we move for the fourth stepper and click back option, the page is landing on schedules but highlight bar is showing on job details.
2.Modal is not fetching information as per figma
3.Same date and time are possible in pp.

Jan 30
CREYA BOT
1. The repeated question is based on the skills in JD (i think so).

Jan 31
PP ARENA
1.Pagination for assessment sessions and Completed tests are not working.

Feb 3
1. Change test to interview.
2. Clicking profile icon turns off camera(showing different options.
3. Switching from traditional to Gen AI the entered data is cleared.
4. Same date and time are possible in 3rd Stepper.
46, 98
5.No report generated in pp

Feb 4
report spelling
enum bug iteration
user name
insight data
company details
 
Feb 5
1.JD format is changing for every time when we move from 2nd stepper to 1st stepper.
2.Start date error labeling is staying still even after the time is set correct.
3.Drafted interview requires refresh to make it visible in AI interview page.
4.The report is not shown when we click on Reports button.
5.What is the functionality of the 3 dots in Interview card (AI Interview page).--
6.Make the loader visible in Schedules page.--

Assessment:
1.Expanding the section to add questions auto scrolls the page to section 1.--

Creya bugs:
1.When we move for the fourth stepper and click back option, the page is landing on schedules but highlight bar is showing on job details.
2.JD format is changing for every time when we move from 2nd stepper to 1st stepper.
3.Drafted interview requires refresh to make it visible in AI interview page.
4.The report is not shown when we click on Reports button.
5.Start date error labeling is staying still even after the time is set correct.
6.Switching from traditional to Gen AI the entered data is cleared.

Feb 6
Assessment:
1.Why showing answers for candidate can be also done for Admin side?--
2.Category is showing only the 1st letters in candidate report and also admin side.

Feb 12 (Prod)
Bugs found in Creya:
The bot takes only half of my input.
After two questions the bot is not responding, ans so i resumed the interview by tab switching.
After tab switching the bot resumed the interview with Greetings which will happen at the start.
Transcription is too slow.
For the last 3 minutes the bot does not asked any question and didn't take my input.
While switching the screen tile, the video is not working for the candidate.
When the candidate answered the question for 5 min the interview got ended.
The report is not generated for this interview.

Feb 17 
1.Does show score and correct answer work alternately?--
2.Why duration in Assessment?--
3.Image on Quill works fine but size is not supported, so that the image is not saved (This may cause no visibility of image in arena side)--





