LMS:
Category and status are still there even after clearing the field --exist
Filtered courses stays still even when we erase the search --exist
When we cancel a course creation without saving, the data are kept by default (some actions required/needs to be refreshed) --done
Short description placeholder is not correct.[Letters should be there instead of words] --exist
There is no limit for objective of the course (words/letters) --exist
Cancel invite stays in the same page but error message pops as Canceled --exist
While sharing a course in private, the invite does not shows the users under the specified college
Administration does not shows any courses --done
 
Nantha - LMS & Assessment
1. Sometimes the Total Section count was wrong.															    "total qn count wrong "
2. Invite & Share: Adding email ids total count should be shown in the text area. -- done
3. Limiting 250 email IDs to be sent for each time. -- done
4. What is the use of select column under administration - even if I deselect (for eg scores) in the select column no change either in display or in reports         "doesn't work"
5. Show a comment when the any document in uploaded in LMS as document successfully uploaded - LMS                                                                   "
6. The section count is wrong while creating the assessment, by default it is showing "1" and once we add and delete the section the count is not updating -- done
7. ProctorCode feature - New Feature


embedd  vdo off
same time duration in campus and arena
resume the course from where we left- arena
course status completed


Groups = Search for users

 
Filtered courses stays still even when we erase the search.(also in arena app)
Can't able to choose multiple courses in filter.(check)
While adding documents in lesson creation , preview is not available for docx,pdf but available for xlxs.

Filtered courses stays still even when we erase the search.
Mark as complete is not able to uncheck.
Previous and next button is not available for Coding questions.
Coding page scroller is not working.
coding page and test case visibility page size.
Run all cases button is enabled even if sample cases are failed.
Expand button is not working but answers are submitted.
pagination needs to be made sticky.
Why it is tags in course creation and skills in Arena?
use of save code button?

24th Jan

LMS:
1.Category and status are still there even after clearing the field.
2.Short description placeholder is not correct.[Letters should be there instead of words] 
3.There is no limit for objective of the course (words/letters) 
4.Cancel invite stays in the same page but error message pops as Cancelled.
5.Same start and end date/time is possible while sharing course in private.
6.Scroller is not working as expected in Administration page.
7.Administration page takes too much loading time.
8.There is no scroll bar at the botton of Administration page.
9.Updating/Adding users in a group results in error and user is not updated.
10.Sending invites through groups and sending invite individually Shows courses two times.
11.There is no preview and next button for Code lab page.
12.I am not able to uncheck the mark as completed button.
13.Blue screen background is flashing for page navigation.
14.Assessment sessions spelling is wrong in Dashboard page.
15.Expand page icon is not working.
16.Why there is an empty space on the right side?.





