.Requires page split up view when resume content exceeds.
.When two work experiences are added,Removing a work experience removes only the recently/last added experience.
.After removing a work experience, adding another experience has the same data available that are deleted previously.
.Education/experience details are shown by default while adding course details.
.After editing any category details the changes are not visible in resume view.
.Language proficiency bar is wrong on clicking fluent as a proficiency.
.The level bar is not working for expert level.
.GitHub link format - https://username.com




[College/School highlighted text]
[Grade font]
[Category field may be kept above download PDF button]
[Auto formatting of text according to resume builder]
[GitHub and linked in links enter without space]
[Present check box near end date]




4
11
15
17
30
.Instead of adding categories, the categories may be kept visible when turning toggle switch off.
.



These are some of the bugs that i found today . Thillai sir asked me to send this you and him.Once please check on this Bro and then I'll send this to him.

1.Requires page split up view when resume content exceeds. --
2.When two work experiences are added,Removing a work experience removes only the recently/last added experience. --
3.After removing a work experience, adding another experience has the same data available that are deleted previously. --
4.Education/experience details are shown by default while adding course details. --
5.After editing any category details the changes are not visible in resume view. --
6.Language proficiency bar is wrong on clicking fluent as a proficiency.
7.The level bar is not working for expert level.
8.All the start and end date fields automatically take on the initial values set in the first category.

After removing a work experience in experience category, when we try to add new work experience the data of deleted work experience exists.---
Editing start and end date of any category makes changes in the start and end date of other categories.
Check the user logged in on one browser and closed and opened the same assessment in the other browser, do the user able to continue from where is left? [NO]
